Adding blog post and contributor updates (#95)
pharmaR/pharmaR.github.io: content/blog/2023-08-08-status-update.Rmd

been evident in our case studies over the past year.

## A Changing of the Guard

After an impressive track record of delivering and improving the adoption of
open-source tools across the industry, Andy Nicholls has decided to step down
from his position as Lead. We want to send a heartfelt "Thank You" to Andy for
his leadership and enthusiasm that brought the R Validation Hub to this point.
Now we get to embark on our next challenge, sustaining through personell turn-
over which is an inevitable and critical aspect of sustaining any organization.
We welcome Doug Kelkhoff, who will be taking over to lead the team.

## Upcoming Changes & Call for Volunteers

While undergoing a change in leads, we wanted to take this transition period to
reflect on where we're at and where we want to improve. We held an internal
survey to try to collectively decide on our next steps. We felt that a
consistent strength has been our tools and technical support, but felt that
there was still room for improvement in communications and long-term planning.
It's with those changes in mind that I want to announce two new opportunities:

> ### Communications Workstream
> 
> We're opening two roles in a new communications workstream. This role would
> place you in an opportune place to build connections across the R world,
> specifically our neighboring initiatives: the R Consortium, PhUSE, PSI AIMS, the
> R Submissions Working Group and ROpenSci. For the media-inclined, we have grand
> plans for a website overhaul and to streamline our presentations.

Reviewer: Even though this blog post was dated for 8/8, I think it makes sense to update this section to use past tense given the recently filled positions.

```suggestion
### Communications Workstream

We opened & filled two positions for a new communications workstream. This role will 
focus on building connections across the R world, specifically our neighboring initiatives: 
the R Consortium, PhUSE, PSI AIMS, the R Submissions Working Group and ROpenSci. 
For the media-junkies, we have grand plans for a website overhaul and to streamline our 
presentations.
```

### Strategic Workstream

To level our structure a bit, we're also hoping to rebrand the "Executive
Committee" as a strategic workstream, whose responsibiilities will be to align
on longer-term strategic goals. This team will be comprised of representatives
from each of our workstreams, as well as new openings for more senior leaders
in our industry to give feedback and direction beyond our current individual-

> contributor-focused priorities.

Reviewer: Is this reference to "senior leaders" still accurate? This is now the pharma oversight committee, correct? I know you got rid of the "senior leaders" section in `contribute/` so I'm not sure if this paragraph needs amending. It may be fine as is?

Author: Thanks for spotting that! I updated it to reflect the cooperation with the R Consortium pharma oversight committee instead.
